For Corporate Trainers

Customization – Fully Customizable User Profile fields
High Level of Automation – Automate course enrollments, group assignments, and permissions
Blended Learning Support – manage all your training activities
Reporting – Powerful Reporting Functionality (including report automation)
Email Notifications – Key events can trigger automatic email reminders and notifications sent to the learner, administrator, and supervisor
Issue Certificates – Customize certificates with your own background image and layout
Integrate with other systems – HRS Integration, Active Directory Support & Batch User Import
Upload external training records
Easy To Use Interface – 4 time Brandon Hall Gold Medal winner
SCORM Compliant – proven compatibility with all the popular authoring tools

For Training Providers and Online Resellers

Multiple LMS sites included – Create and Control Multiple Separately branded LMS Sites (have a master LMS that can easily be cloned to create a new LMS site)
Unique Branding – Easily Brand Inquisiq R3 to Yours or your clients Identity
Discount Codes – Specify various discount types (free, percentage, flat rate and “price off”) for your courses, and provide your learners with codes to redeem them
Shopping Cart – Sell your courses with our built-in shopping cart functionality (PCI compliant eCommerce)
Publicly Searchable Course Catalog – allows users to find your course offerings
User Self-Registration – customize your registration form and capture exactly what you need
Rule based automation – allows you to automatically group users based on what they enter into the registration form
Email Notifications – Key events can trigger automatic email reminders and notifications sent to the learner, administrator, and supervisor
Issue Certificates – Customize certificates with your own background image and layout
Easy To Use Interface – 4 time Brandon Hall Gold Medal winner
SCORM Compliant – proven compatibility with all the popular authoring tools

Conformance

Supports SCORM 1.2
Supports SCORM 1.3 (2004) 4th Edition
Proven compatibility with many authoring tools, such as:
Adobe Captivate
Articulate Sudio
Articulate Storyline
Trivantis Lectora
Adobe Flash
Trainersoft
Adobe Authorware LMS KO
Knowledge Presenter
Rapid Intake’s mLearning Studio

For The Learner

Social Network Linking Feature – Courses can be linked to an existing ‘group’ or page on any social networking site or other third party site.
Easy Course Access – Intuitive interface gives learners immediate access to their courses.
Easy Information Access – The learner’s home screen allows quick access to all their account information, history, certificates, personal calendar, and courses.
Self Enrollment – Learners can browse the course catalog, and if enabled, enroll in courses with a single click.
Learner Calendar – Learners have quick access to a personalized calendar with their due dates, expiration dates, and events.
Outlook Calendar Integration – Live training events can be added to the learner’s Outlook Calendar.
Email Notifications – The learner’s home screen allows quick access to all their account information, history, certificates, personal calendar, and courses.
Wait List – Learners can sign-up for live training events and if full, can choose to be placed on a wait list.

For The Administrator

Course Enrollment – Enroll users to courses individually or by group. You can specify due dates, expiration dates and even re-occurring schedules.
Blended Learning Support – In addition to online courses, both live instructor lead courses and external training events can be tracked and managed.
Automated Group Membership – Automatically join users to groups based on information in their user profile. They will instantly inherit course enrollments from their new groups and gain access to restricted course catalogs.
Delay Group Course Enrollments – Add delays on group course enrollments. Control the delay between when someone is added to the group and when they are enrolled in the course.
Issue Certificates – Customize certificates with your own background image and layout. Certificates are automatically awarded to learners based on one or more course completions and can be viewed and printed right from the learners “My Courses” screen.
User Management – A powerful user management system allows you to manage user accounts, assign permissions, grant access to courses and catalogs, create enrollments, and more.
Batch User Import – Create user accounts individually, or by the hundreds, by importing your HR spreadsheet. The system can also be synchronized to other HR systems.
Customize User Profiles and Registration Form – Decide what information you want to capture for your user accounts. Completely customizable registration form allows you to create your own form. All information will automatically also be available for editing by the administrator and can optionally appear in reports.
Import User Course Completion Records – Import historical user activity records (course and lesson completion data) from a tab delimited text file. This is a great way to import data from other systems or through your manual tracking efforts. This import can handle any number of courses or users.
Instructor/Expert Contact – Designate instructors and course experts for learners to contact should they need assistance.
Active Directory Support – Active Directory Integration is built in and can be setup and configured by the administrator. Allows you to automatically synchronize the LMS user accounts to your Active Directory. Other LDAP support is also available.
Custom/External User Registration Link – Specify an external/custom URL for user registration. This is great for clients who want to create their own custom registration system and seamlessly integrate it with Inquisiq R3™.

Reporting Features

Powerful Reporting Tools – Let you access all data that is in the system (user demographics, course completion data, certificate data, purchase information, and all SCORM tracking data).
Flexibility – Choose the fields you want to appear in each report.
Control – Can easily apply filters to the reports that allow you to focus the report on what you are most interested in.
Excel Export – Any report can be exported to Excel for additional manipulation and formatting.
Save Reports – Once you have refined a report to just the way you want it, you can save it for easy access for future use. You can also specify if you want to make the report private just for you or public so that others can also run it.
Subscribe to Reports – Schedule reports to run automatically and email results.

Content Features

Course Materials – Attach spreadsheets, PDF documents or any other type of file to a course to be included in the course catalog and accessible by learners. Note that these materials can be optionally open to anyone viewing the course catalog or designated as accessible to only students enrolled in the course.
Flexible Content Organization – By organizing lessons into courses and courses into nested catalogs, virtually any content organization can be created.
SCORM Conformant – Easily upload and manage your SCORM content using our intuitive interface. Proven compatibility with many popular authoring tools such as Articulate Sudio and Storyline, Captivate, Lectora, Flash, as well as 3rd third party content providers such as Vubiz, ToolingU, and Skillsoft.
Bookmarking Support – Supports SCORM-based tracking that allows students to continue lessons right where they left off.
Restricted Access – Course catalogs can optionally be made restricted so that only those people who have been given proper access rights can view them.

eCommerce Features

eCommerce – Would you like to sell access to your courses? You can optionally specify a price for each course. Doing so will post the price in your course catalog and require users that are self-enrolling to pay for them.
Shopping Cart – Let your users browse your catalog and select what courses they want to purchase by adding the courses to their shopping cart. Then, when they are finished browsing the catalog they can check out and pay for all selections at once.
Discount Codes – Specify various discount types (free, percentage, flat rate and “price off”) for your courses, and provide your learners with codes to redeem them.
Gateway Support – Use your own PayPal Website Standard or Authorize.net account to accept course fees when users enroll.

Branding Features

Customizable Main Menu – Rename, reorder, and even create new menu items that link to pages in Inquisiq R3™ or external web pages.
Branding Capabilities – Banner, footer, and Homepage can all be easily branded to your corporate Identity.
Unique URL – Name your LMS anything you want, which will be included in your URL. You may also alias any domain(s) you own to your LMS.
Edit colors, fonts, and more – Use standard tools to modify the Custom Style Sheets (CSS) to edit colors, fonts, and more.




A perfect blend of tradition and innovation, UpsideLMS is abundant in features that you need now and some that will cater to your future needs. 

User-Friendly GUI

Widget–based interface
Customisable branding for learner & admin side
Customisable learner login screen and dashboard
User–friendly navigation
Eye pleasing colour palettes

Conformance
SCORM (1.2 – complete; 2004 – basic)
AICC
Proven compatibility with external systems, such as –
SAP
People Soft
Custom HRMS applications
Employee database
LDAP, ADS/custom directory

Customisability
Customisable learner login screen (by Admin)
Customisable learner dashboard (by Learner)
Customisable user registration and information pages
Fully configurable course catalog with numerous levels of public and private categories possible
Brandable masthead, footer, home page, and style sheets

Classroom Training Management
Vendor, venue, speaker, inventory management
Session planning and scheduling
Nomination workflow for users and supervisors
Waitlist concept
Ability for users to download event to outlook calendar

Virtual Classroom Management
Creation and scheduling of any number of virtual meetings
Reports on participants’ details
Text chat with the Instructor or Line Manager or other learner(s)– private or broadcast
Whiteboard sharing
Connectors already available for Webex and GoToMeeting
Integration with any other third party virtual classroom software/services

eCommerce
In-built eCommerce engine with shopping cart
Option to define courses as ‘Free’ or ‘Paid’
For the paid courses, ability to define the cost in multiple currencies
Accept payments from PayPal, Credit/Debit cards and Netbanking services
Configurable to use third party payment gateways, Paypal, Eway or other such services

Social Learning
Integration with Live Twitter
Blog module
Content sharing – photos and videos – and rating
Friend concept
Peer rating of content

Knowledge Collaboration
Internal Wiki module as Knowledge Center
Communities Module
Global Discussion Board

Client/User License Management
Centralized user license management
Site Admin can manage user licenses for multiple clients

Blended Learning
Ability to blend and deliver
eLearning
Classroom training
Virtual Classroom

MIS & Reporting
Over 26 standard reports
Export reports to PDF, Excel formats
Print reports; Send reports by email
Graphical representation for easy analysis
Administrators can set reports as ‘Favorites’ and schedule them

Instructor/Expert Workflow
Instructors can create and upload assignments
Instructors can evaluate and score assessments submitted by learners
‘Ask an Expert’ feature
Chat and discussion forums

User Management
Customisable user roles (Instructor, Learner, Line Manager, LMS administrator) and profiles
Users can be imported/exported
Self–enrollment for users
Users can be approved and enrolled manually by administrator

Assessment
Crash proof assessment interface
Multiple question types supported
randomisation at various levels
Ability to preview and print question papers prior to administration
Detailed question level reports
Secure interface with timers for test–takers
Multiple exam templates
Ability to set time limit, attempt limit, mandatory questions, difficulty rating

Multi–lingual Support
Language packs available:
English
Arabic
French
Polish
Portuguese
Simplified Chinese
Non Latin Spanish
Ability for learner to switch between languages

Online Content Management
Curriculum/s assignment to multiple portals at one go
Variety of content supported
Templates for content repurposing
Seamless exporting/publishing of authored courses to the LMS
Flexible workflow definitions
Versioning/site rollback

Communication
‘Ask an Expert’ facility
In–built helpdesk
Automated system notifications on course allocation, modification and completion
System announcements at multiple levels (Line Manager, Client Administrator or LMS Super Administrator)

Learner Support
User–friendly learner interface
Search feature
Comprehensive calendar
Automated e–mail notifications and reminders
Frequently Asked Questions
System announcements at multiple levels (Line Manager, Client Administrator, or LMS Super Administrator)

Instructor/Expert Workflow
Instructors can create and upload assignments
Instructors can evaluate and score assessments submitted by learners
‘Ask an Expert’ feature
Chat and discussion forums

Scalability
Multiple portals or licenses on one system
Nested departments or groups
Customisable roles and levels of access
Supports clustered servers

Miscellaneous
Completely web–based
Same experience in IE, Mozilla and Google Chrome including Safari on MAC


